@string/appbar_scrolling_view_behavior;/Users/ricardocoelho/Desktop/dev_mobile/Physioclem Pediatria/Apps.Android/obj/Release/lp/75/jl/res/layout/rootlayout.xml
{urn:oasis:names:tc:xliff:document:1.2}g;/Users/ricardocoelho/Desktop/dev_mobile/Physioclem Pediatria/Apps.Android/obj/Release/lp/69/jl/res/values/values.xml
{urn:oasis:names:tc:xliff:document:1.2}g;/Users/ricardocoelho/Desktop/dev_mobile/Physioclem Pediatria/Apps.Android/obj/Release/lp/71/jl/res/values/values.xml
alpha;/Users/ricardocoelho/Desktop/dev_mobile/Physioclem Pediatria/Apps.Android/obj/Release/lp/75/jl/res/anim/enterfromleft.xml
alpha;/Users/ricardocoelho/Desktop/dev_mobile/Physioclem Pediatria/Apps.Android/obj/Release/lp/75/jl/res/anim/exittoleft.xml
androidhud.ProgressWheel;/Users/ricardocoelho/Desktop/dev_mobile/Physioclem Pediatria/Apps.Android/obj/Release/lp/1/jl/res/layout/loadingprogress.xml
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatImageView;/Users/ricardocoelho/Desktop/dev_mobile/Physioclem Pediatria/Apps.Android/obj/Release/lp/69/jl/res/layout/com_facebook_device_auth_dialog_fragment.xml
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatImageView;/Users/ricardocoelho/Desktop/dev_mobile/Physioclem Pediatria/Apps.Android/obj/Release/lp/69/jl/res/layout/com_facebook_smart_device_dialog_fragment.xml
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar;/Users/ricardocoelho/Desktop/dev_mobile/Physioclem Pediatria/Apps.Android/obj/Release/lp/75/jl/res/layout/fallbacktoolbardonotuse.xml
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar;/Users/ricardocoelho/Desktop/dev_mobile/Physioclem Pediatria/Apps.Android/obj/Release/lp/75/jl/res/layout/rootlayout.xml
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar;/Users/ricardocoelho/Desktop/dev_mobile/Physioclem Pediatria/Apps.Android/obj/Release/lp/75/jl/res/layout/shellcontent.xml
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar;/Users/ricardocoelho/Desktop/dev_mobile/Physioclem Pediatria/Apps.Android/obj/Release/lp/75/jl/res/layout/toolbar.xml
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar;obj/Release/res/layout/toolbar.xml
androidx.cardview.widget.CardView;/Users/ricardocoelho/Desktop/dev_mobile/Physioclem Pediatria/Apps.Android/obj/Release/lp/69/jl/res/layout/com_facebook_device_auth_dialog_fragment.xml
androidx.cardview.widget.CardView;/Users/ricardocoelho/Desktop/dev_mobile/Physioclem Pediatria/Apps.Android/obj/Release/lp/69/jl/res/layout/com_facebook_smart_device_dialog_fragment.xml
androidx.coordinatorlayout.widget.CoordinatorLayout;/Users/ricardocoelho/Desktop/dev_mobile/Physioclem Pediatria/Apps.Android/obj/Release/lp/75/jl/res/layout/rootlayout.xml
androidx.coordinatorlayout.widget.CoordinatorLayout;/Users/ricardocoelho/Desktop/dev_mobile/Physioclem Pediatria/Apps.Android/obj/Release/lp/75/jl/res/layout/shellcontent.xml
attr;/Users/ricardocoelho/Desktop/dev_mobile/Physioclem Pediatria/Apps.Android/obj/Release/lp/1/jl/res/values/attrs.xml
attr;/Users/ricardocoelho/Desktop/dev_mobile/Physioclem Pediatria/Apps.Android/obj/Release/lp/69/jl/res/values/values.xml
attr;/Users/ricardocoelho/Desktop/dev_mobile/Physioclem Pediatria/Apps.Android/obj/Release/lp/71/jl/res/values/values.xml
attr;/Users/ricardocoelho/Desktop/dev_mobile/Physioclem Pediatria/Apps.Android/obj/Release/lp/75/jl/res/values/attrs.xml
bitmap;/Users/ricardocoelho/Desktop/dev_mobile/Physioclem Pediatria/Apps.Android/obj/Release/lp/72/jl/res/drawable/messenger_button_blue_bg_round.xml
bitmap;/Users/ricardocoelho/Desktop/dev_mobile/Physioclem Pediatria/Apps.Android/obj/Release/lp/72/jl/res/drawable/messenger_button_white_bg_round.xml
bitmap;obj/Release/res/drawable/splash_screen.xml
Button;/Users/ricardocoelho/Desktop/dev_mobile/Physioclem Pediatria/Apps.Android/obj/Release/lp/69/jl/res/layout/com_facebook_device_auth_dialog_fragment.xml
Button;/Users/ricardocoelho/Desktop/dev_mobile/Physioclem Pediatria/Apps.Android/obj/Release/lp/69/jl/res/layout/com_facebook_smart_device_dialog_fragment.xml
Button;/Users/ricardocoelho/Desktop/dev_mobile/Physioclem Pediatria/Apps.Android/obj/Release/lp/72/jl/res/layout/messenger_button_send_blue_round.xml
Button;/Users/ricardocoelho/Desktop/dev_mobile/Physioclem Pediatria/Apps.Android/obj/Release/lp/72/jl/res/layout/messenger_button_send_white_round.xml
cache-path;/Users/ricardocoelho/Desktop/dev_mobile/Physioclem Pediatria/Apps.Android/obj/Release/lp/66/jl/res/xml/xamarin_essentials_fileprovider_file_paths.xml
color;/Users/ricardocoelho/Desktop/dev_mobile/Physioclem Pediatria/Apps.Android/obj/Release/lp/69/jl/res/values/values.xml
color;/Users/ricardocoelho/Desktop/dev_mobile/Physioclem Pediatria/Apps.Android/obj/Release/lp/74/jl/res/values/values.xml
color;obj/Release/res/drawable/splash_screen.xml
color;obj/Release/res/values/colors.xml
com.google.android.material.appbar.AppBarLayout;/Users/ricardocoelho/Desktop/dev_mobile/Physioclem Pediatria/Apps.Android/obj/Release/lp/75/jl/res/layout/flyoutcontent.xml
com.google.android.material.appbar.AppBarLayout;/Users/ricardocoelho/Desktop/dev_mobile/Physioclem Pediatria/Apps.Android/obj/Release/lp/75/jl/res/layout/rootlayout.xml
com.google.android.material.appbar.AppBarLayout;/Users/ricardocoelho/Desktop/dev_mobile/Physioclem Pediatria/Apps.Android/obj/Release/lp/75/jl/res/layout/shellcontent.xml
com.google.android.material.bottomnavigation.BottomNavigationView;/Users/ricardocoelho/Desktop/dev_mobile/Physioclem Pediatria/Apps.Android/obj/Release/lp/75/jl/res/layout/bottomtablayout.xml
com.google.android.material.tabs.TabLayout;/Users/ricardocoelho/Desktop/dev_mobile/Physioclem Pediatria/Apps.Android/obj/Release/lp/75/jl/res/layout/fallbacktabbardonotuse.xml
com.google.android.material.tabs.TabLayout;/Users/ricardocoelho/Desktop/dev_mobile/Physioclem Pediatria/Apps.Android/obj/Release/lp/75/jl/res/layout/rootlayout.xml
com.google.android.material.tabs.TabLayout;/Users/ricardocoelho/Desktop/dev_mobile/Physioclem Pediatria/Apps.Android/obj/Release/lp/75/jl/res/layout/tabbar.xml
com.google.android.material.tabs.TabLayout;obj/Release/res/layout/tabbar.xml
corners;/Users/ricardocoelho/Desktop/dev_mobile/Physioclem Pediatria/Apps.Android/obj/Release/lp/1/jl/res/drawable/roundedbg.xml
corners;/Users/ricardocoelho/Desktop/dev_mobile/Physioclem Pediatria/Apps.Android/obj/Release/lp/1/jl/res/drawable/roundedbgdark.xml
corners;/Users/ricardocoelho/Desktop/dev_mobile/Physioclem Pediatria/Apps.Android/obj/Release/lp/69/jl/res/drawable/com_facebook_auth_dialog_background.xml
corners;/Users/ricardocoelho/Desktop/dev_mobile/Physioclem Pediatria/Apps.Android/obj/Release/lp/69/jl/res/drawable/com_facebook_auth_dialog_cancel_background.xml
corners;/Users/ricardocoelho/Desktop/dev_mobile/Physioclem Pediatria/Apps.Android/obj/Release/lp/69/jl/res/drawable/com_facebook_auth_dialog_header_background.xml
corners;/Users/ricardocoelho/Desktop/dev_mobile/Physioclem Pediatria/Apps.Android/obj/Release/lp/69/jl/res/drawable/com_facebook_button_background.xml
corners;/Users/ricardocoelho/Desktop/dev_mobile/Physioclem Pediatria/Apps.Android/obj/Release/lp/69/jl/res/drawable/com_facebook_button_like_background.xml
corners;/Users/ricardocoelho/Desktop/dev_mobile/Physioclem Pediatria/Apps.Android/obj/Release/lp/72/jl/res/drawable/messenger_button_blue_bg_selector.xml
corners;/Users/ricardocoelho/Desktop/dev_mobile/Physioclem Pediatria/Apps.Android/obj/Release/lp/72/jl/res/drawable/messenger_button_white_bg_selector.xml
corners;/Users/ricardocoelho/Desktop/dev_mobile/Physioclem Pediatria/Apps.Android/obj/Release/lp/74/jl/res/drawable/com_facebook_button_send_background.xml
declare-styleable;/Users/ricardocoelho/Desktop/dev_mobile/Physioclem Pediatria/Apps.Android/obj/Release/lp/1/jl/res/values/attrs.xml
declare-styleable;/Users/ricardocoelho/Desktop/dev_mobile/Physioclem Pediatria/Apps.Android/obj/Release/lp/69/jl/res/values/values.xml
declare-styleable;/Users/ricardocoelho/Desktop/dev_mobile/Physioclem Pediatria/Apps.Android/obj/Release/lp/71/jl/res/values/values.xml
declare-styleable;/Users/ricardocoelho/Desktop/dev_mobile/Physioclem Pediatria/Apps.Android/obj/Release/lp/75/jl/res/values/attrs.xml
dimen;/Users/ricardocoelho/Desktop/dev_mobile/Physioclem Pediatria/Apps.Android/obj/Release/lp/69/jl/res/values/values.xml
dimen;/Users/ricardocoelho/Desktop/dev_mobile/Physioclem Pediatria/Apps.Android/obj/Release/lp/71/jl/res/values/values.xml
dimen;obj/Release/res/values/dimens.xml
enum;/Users/ricardocoelho/Desktop/dev_mobile/Physioclem Pediatria/Apps.Android/obj/Release/lp/69/jl/res/values/values.xml
enum;/Users/ricardocoelho/Desktop/dev_mobile/Physioclem Pediatria/Apps.Android/obj/Release/lp/71/jl/res/values/values.xml
external-cache-path;/Users/ricardocoelho/Desktop/dev_mobile/Physioclem Pediatria/Apps.Android/obj/Release/lp/66/jl/res/xml/xamarin_essentials_fileprovider_file_paths.xml
external-files-path;obj/Release/res/xml/file_paths.xml
external-path;/Users/ricardocoelho/Desktop/dev_mobile/Physioclem Pediatria/Apps.Android/obj/Release/lp/66/jl/res/xml/xamarin_essentials_fileprovider_file_paths.xml
FrameLayout;/Users/ricardocoelho/Desktop/dev_mobile/Physioclem Pediatria/Apps.Android/obj/Release/lp/65/jl/res/layout/camerafragment.xml
FrameLayout;/Users/ricardocoelho/Desktop/dev_mobile/Physioclem Pediatria/Apps.Android/obj/Release/lp/69/jl/res/layout/com_facebook_activity_layout.xml
FrameLayout;/Users/ricardocoelho/Desktop/dev_mobile/Physioclem Pediatria/Apps.Android/obj/Release/lp/69/jl/res/layout/com_facebook_device_auth_dialog_fragment.xml
FrameLayout;/Users/ricardocoelho/Desktop/dev_mobile/Physioclem Pediatria/Apps.Android/obj/Release/lp/69/jl/res/layout/com_facebook_smart_device_dialog_fragment.xml
FrameLayout;/Users/ricardocoelho/Desktop/dev_mobile/Physioclem Pediatria/Apps.Android/obj/Release/lp/72/jl/res/layout/messenger_button_send_blue_large.xml
FrameLayout;/Users/ricardocoelho/Desktop/dev_mobile/Physioclem Pediatria/Apps.Android/obj/Release/lp/72/jl/res/layout/messenger_button_send_blue_small.xml
FrameLayout;/Users/ricardocoelho/Desktop/dev_mobile/Physioclem Pediatria/Apps.Android/obj/Release/lp/72/jl/res/layout/messenger_button_send_white_large.xml
FrameLayout;/Users/ricardocoelho/Desktop/dev_mobile/Physioclem Pediatria/Apps.Android/obj/Release/lp/72/jl/res/layout/messenger_button_send_white_small.xml
FrameLayout;/Users/ricardocoelho/Desktop/dev_mobile/Physioclem Pediatria/Apps.Android/obj/Release/lp/75/jl/res/layout/bottomtablayout.xml
gradient;/Users/ricardocoelho/Desktop/dev_mobile/Physioclem Pediatria/Apps.Android/obj/Release/lp/1/jl/res/drawable/roundedbg.xml
gradient;/Users/ricardocoelho/Desktop/dev_mobile/Physioclem Pediatria/Apps.Android/obj/Release/lp/1/jl/res/drawable/roundedbgdark.xml
ImageButton;obj/Release/res/layout/mapinfowindow.xml
ImageView;/Users/ricardocoelho/Desktop/dev_mobile/Physioclem Pediatria/Apps.Android/obj/Release/lp/1/jl/res/layout/loadingimage.xml
ImageView;/Users/ricardocoelho/Desktop/dev_mobile/Physioclem Pediatria/Apps.Android/obj/Release/lp/71/jl/res/layout/com_facebook_tooltip_bubble.xml
item;/Users/ricardocoelho/Desktop/dev_mobile/Physioclem Pediatria/Apps.Android/obj/Release/lp/69/jl/res/drawable/com_facebook_auth_dialog_cancel_background.xml
item;/Users/ricardocoelho/Desktop/dev_mobile/Physioclem Pediatria/Apps.Android/obj/Release/lp/69/jl/res/drawable/com_facebook_button_background.xml
item;/Users/ricardocoelho/Desktop/dev_mobile/Physioclem Pediatria/Apps.Android/obj/Release/lp/69/jl/res/drawable/com_facebook_button_like_background.xml
item;/Users/ricardocoelho/Desktop/dev_mobile/Physioclem Pediatria/Apps.Android/obj/Release/lp/69/jl/res/values/values.xml
item;/Users/ricardocoelho/Desktop/dev_mobile/Physioclem Pediatria/Apps.Android/obj/Release/lp/71/jl/res/values/values.xml
item;/Users/ricardocoelho/Desktop/dev_mobile/Physioclem Pediatria/Apps.Android/obj/Release/lp/72/jl/res/drawable/messenger_button_blue_bg_round.xml
item;/Users/ricardocoelho/Desktop/dev_mobile/Physioclem Pediatria/Apps.Android/obj/Release/lp/72/jl/res/drawable/messenger_button_blue_bg_selector.xml
item;/Users/ricardocoelho/Desktop/dev_mobile/Physioclem Pediatria/Apps.Android/obj/Release/lp/72/jl/res/drawable/messenger_button_white_bg_round.xml
item;/Users/ricardocoelho/Desktop/dev_mobile/Physioclem Pediatria/Apps.Android/obj/Release/lp/72/jl/res/drawable/messenger_button_white_bg_selector.xml
item;/Users/ricardocoelho/Desktop/dev_mobile/Physioclem Pediatria/Apps.Android/obj/Release/lp/72/jl/res/values/values.xml
item;/Users/ricardocoelho/Desktop/dev_mobile/Physioclem Pediatria/Apps.Android/obj/Release/lp/74/jl/res/drawable/com_facebook_button_send_background.xml
item;/Users/ricardocoelho/Desktop/dev_mobile/Physioclem Pediatria/Apps.Android/obj/Release/lp/74/jl/res/drawable/com_facebook_send_button_icon.xml
item;/Users/ricardocoelho/Desktop/dev_mobile/Physioclem Pediatria/Apps.Android/obj/Release/lp/74/jl/res/values/values.xml
item;/Users/ricardocoelho/Desktop/dev_mobile/Physioclem Pediatria/Apps.Android/obj/Release/lp/75/jl/res/values/styles.xml
item;obj/Release/res/drawable/splash_screen.xml
item;obj/Release/res/values/styles.xml
layer-list;/Users/ricardocoelho/Desktop/dev_mobile/Physioclem Pediatria/Apps.Android/obj/Release/lp/72/jl/res/drawable/messenger_button_blue_bg_round.xml
layer-list;/Users/ricardocoelho/Desktop/dev_mobile/Physioclem Pediatria/Apps.Android/obj/Release/lp/72/jl/res/drawable/messenger_button_white_bg_round.xml
layer-list;obj/Release/res/drawable/splash_screen.xml
LinearLayout;/Users/ricardocoelho/Desktop/dev_mobile/Physioclem Pediatria/Apps.Android/obj/Release/lp/69/jl/res/layout/com_facebook_device_auth_dialog_fragment.xml
LinearLayout;/Users/ricardocoelho/Desktop/dev_mobile/Physioclem Pediatria/Apps.Android/obj/Release/lp/69/jl/res/layout/com_facebook_smart_device_dialog_fragment.xml
LinearLayout;/Users/ricardocoelho/Desktop/dev_mobile/Physioclem Pediatria/Apps.Android/obj/Release/lp/75/jl/res/layout/bottomtablayout.xml
LinearLayout;obj/Release/res/layout/mapinfowindow.xml
path;/Users/ricardocoelho/Desktop/dev_mobile/Physioclem Pediatria/Apps.Android/obj/Release/lp/69/jl/res/drawable/com_facebook_button_icon.xml
path;/Users/ricardocoelho/Desktop/dev_mobile/Physioclem Pediatria/Apps.Android/obj/Release/lp/69/jl/res/drawable/com_facebook_favicon_blue.xml
paths;/Users/ricardocoelho/Desktop/dev_mobile/Physioclem Pediatria/Apps.Android/obj/Release/lp/66/jl/res/xml/xamarin_essentials_fileprovider_file_paths.xml
paths;obj/Release/res/xml/file_paths.xml
ProgressBar;/Users/ricardocoelho/Desktop/dev_mobile/Physioclem Pediatria/Apps.Android/obj/Release/lp/1/jl/res/layout/loading.xml
ProgressBar;/Users/ricardocoelho/Desktop/dev_mobile/Physioclem Pediatria/Apps.Android/obj/Release/lp/69/jl/res/layout/com_facebook_device_auth_dialog_fragment.xml
ProgressBar;/Users/ricardocoelho/Desktop/dev_mobile/Physioclem Pediatria/Apps.Android/obj/Release/lp/69/jl/res/layout/com_facebook_login_fragment.xml
ProgressBar;/Users/ricardocoelho/Desktop/dev_mobile/Physioclem Pediatria/Apps.Android/obj/Release/lp/69/jl/res/layout/com_facebook_smart_device_dialog_fragment.xml
RelativeLayout;/Users/ricardocoelho/Desktop/dev_mobile/Physioclem Pediatria/Apps.Android/obj/Release/lp/1/jl/res/layout/loading.xml
RelativeLayout;/Users/ricardocoelho/Desktop/dev_mobile/Physioclem Pediatria/Apps.Android/obj/Release/lp/1/jl/res/layout/loadingimage.xml
RelativeLayout;/Users/ricardocoelho/Desktop/dev_mobile/Physioclem Pediatria/Apps.Android/obj/Release/lp/1/jl/res/layout/loadingprogress.xml
RelativeLayout;/Users/ricardocoelho/Desktop/dev_mobile/Physioclem Pediatria/Apps.Android/obj/Release/lp/69/jl/res/layout/com_facebook_device_auth_dialog_fragment.xml
RelativeLayout;/Users/ricardocoelho/Desktop/dev_mobile/Physioclem Pediatria/Apps.Android/obj/Release/lp/69/jl/res/layout/com_facebook_login_fragment.xml
RelativeLayout;/Users/ricardocoelho/Desktop/dev_mobile/Physioclem Pediatria/Apps.Android/obj/Release/lp/69/jl/res/layout/com_facebook_smart_device_dialog_fragment.xml
RelativeLayout;/Users/ricardocoelho/Desktop/dev_mobile/Physioclem Pediatria/Apps.Android/obj/Release/lp/71/jl/res/layout/com_facebook_tooltip_bubble.xml
requestFocus;/Users/ricardocoelho/Desktop/dev_mobile/Physioclem Pediatria/Apps.Android/obj/Release/lp/69/jl/res/layout/com_facebook_device_auth_dialog_fragment.xml
resources;/Users/ricardocoelho/Desktop/dev_mobile/Physioclem Pediatria/Apps.Android/obj/Release/lp/1/jl/res/values/attrs.xml
resources;/Users/ricardocoelho/Desktop/dev_mobile/Physioclem Pediatria/Apps.Android/obj/Release/lp/1/jl/res/values/strings.xml
resources;/Users/ricardocoelho/Desktop/dev_mobile/Physioclem Pediatria/Apps.Android/obj/Release/lp/69/jl/res/values/values.xml
resources;/Users/ricardocoelho/Desktop/dev_mobile/Physioclem Pediatria/Apps.Android/obj/Release/lp/69/jl/res/values-af/values-af.xml
resources;/Users/ricardocoelho/Desktop/dev_mobile/Physioclem Pediatria/Apps.Android/obj/Release/lp/69/jl/res/values-ar/values-ar.xml
resources;/Users/ricardocoelho/Desktop/dev_mobile/Physioclem Pediatria/Apps.Android/obj/Release/lp/69/jl/res/values-bn/values-bn.xml
resources;/Users/ricardocoelho/Desktop/dev_mobile/Physioclem Pediatria/Apps.Android/obj/Release/lp/69/jl/res/values-cs/values-cs.xml
resources;/Users/ricardocoelho/Desktop/dev_mobile/Physioclem Pediatria/Apps.Android/obj/Release/lp/69/jl/res/values-da/values-da.xml
resources;/Users/ricardocoelho/Desktop/dev_mobile/Physioclem Pediatria/Apps.Android/obj/Release/lp/69/jl/res/values-de/values-de.xml
resources;/Users/ricardocoelho/Desktop/dev_mobile/Physioclem Pediatria/Apps.Android/obj/Release/lp/69/jl/res/values-el/values-el.xml
resources;/Users/ricardocoelho/Desktop/dev_mobile/Physioclem Pediatria/Apps.Android/obj/Release/lp/69/jl/res/values-en-rGB/values-en-rGB.xml
resources;/Users/ricardocoelho/Desktop/dev_mobile/Physioclem Pediatria/Apps.Android/obj/Release/lp/69/jl/res/values-es/values-es.xml
resources;/Users/ricardocoelho/Desktop/dev_mobile/Physioclem Pediatria/Apps.Android/obj/Release/lp/69/jl/res/values-es-rES/values-es-rES.xml
resources;/Users/ricardocoelho/Desktop/dev_mobile/Physioclem Pediatria/Apps.Android/obj/Release/lp/69/jl/res/values-fi/values-fi.xml
resources;/Users/ricardocoelho/Desktop/dev_mobile/Physioclem Pediatria/Apps.Android/obj/Release/lp/69/jl/res/values-fr/values-fr.xml
resources;/Users/ricardocoelho/Desktop/dev_mobile/Physioclem Pediatria/Apps.Android/obj/Release/lp/69/jl/res/values-fr-rCA/values-fr-rCA.xml
resources;/Users/ricardocoelho/Desktop/dev_mobile/Physioclem Pediatria/Apps.Android/obj/Release/lp/69/jl/res/values-gu/values-gu.xml
resources;/Users/ricardocoelho/Desktop/dev_mobile/Physioclem Pediatria/Apps.Android/obj/Release/lp/69/jl/res/values-hi/values-hi.xml
resources;/Users/ricardocoelho/Desktop/dev_mobile/Physioclem Pediatria/Apps.Android/obj/Release/lp/69/jl/res/values-hr/values-hr.xml
resources;/Users/ricardocoelho/Desktop/dev_mobile/Physioclem Pediatria/Apps.Android/obj/Release/lp/69/jl/res/values-hu/values-hu.xml
resources;/Users/ricardocoelho/Desktop/dev_mobile/Physioclem Pediatria/Apps.Android/obj/Release/lp/69/jl/res/values-id/values-id.xml
resources;/Users/ricardocoelho/Desktop/dev_mobile/Physioclem Pediatria/Apps.Android/obj/Release/lp/69/jl/res/values-in/values-in.xml
resources;/Users/ricardocoelho/Desktop/dev_mobile/Physioclem Pediatria/Apps.Android/obj/Release/lp/69/jl/res/values-it/values-it.xml
resources;/Users/ricardocoelho/Desktop/dev_mobile/Physioclem Pediatria/Apps.Android/obj/Release/lp/69/jl/res/values-iw/values-iw.xml
resources;/Users/ricardocoelho/Desktop/dev_mobile/Physioclem Pediatria/Apps.Android/obj/Release/lp/69/jl/res/values-ja/values-ja.xml
resources;/Users/ricardocoelho/Desktop/dev_mobile/Physioclem Pediatria/Apps.Android/obj/Release/lp/69/jl/res/values-kn/values-kn.xml
resources;/Users/ricardocoelho/Desktop/dev_mobile/Physioclem Pediatria/Apps.Android/obj/Release/lp/69/jl/res/values-ko/values-ko.xml
resources;/Users/ricardocoelho/Desktop/dev_mobile/Physioclem Pediatria/Apps.Android/obj/Release/lp/69/jl/res/values-ml/values-ml.xml
resources;/Users/ricardocoelho/Desktop/dev_mobile/Physioclem Pediatria/Apps.Android/obj/Release/lp/69/jl/res/values-mr/values-mr.xml
resources;/Users/ricardocoelho/Desktop/dev_mobile/Physioclem Pediatria/Apps.Android/obj/Release/lp/69/jl/res/values-ms/values-ms.xml
resources;/Users/ricardocoelho/Desktop/dev_mobile/Physioclem Pediatria/Apps.Android/obj/Release/lp/69/jl/res/values-nb/values-nb.xml
resources;/Users/ricardocoelho/Desktop/dev_mobile/Physioclem Pediatria/Apps.Android/obj/Release/lp/69/jl/res/values-nl/values-nl.xml
resources;/Users/ricardocoelho/Desktop/dev_mobile/Physioclem Pediatria/Apps.Android/obj/Release/lp/69/jl/res/values-pa/values-pa.xml
resources;/Users/ricardocoelho/Desktop/dev_mobile/Physioclem Pediatria/Apps.Android/obj/Release/lp/69/jl/res/values-pl/values-pl.xml
resources;/Users/ricardocoelho/Desktop/dev_mobile/Physioclem Pediatria/Apps.Android/obj/Release/lp/69/jl/res/values-pt/values-pt.xml
resources;/Users/ricardocoelho/Desktop/dev_mobile/Physioclem Pediatria/Apps.Android/obj/Release/lp/69/jl/res/values-pt-rPT/values-pt-rPT.xml
resources;/Users/ricardocoelho/Desktop/dev_mobile/Physioclem Pediatria/Apps.Android/obj/Release/lp/69/jl/res/values-ro/values-ro.xml
resources;/Users/ricardocoelho/Desktop/dev_mobile/Physioclem Pediatria/Apps.Android/obj/Release/lp/69/jl/res/values-ru/values-ru.xml
resources;/Users/ricardocoelho/Desktop/dev_mobile/Physioclem Pediatria/Apps.Android/obj/Release/lp/69/jl/res/values-sk/values-sk.xml
resources;/Users/ricardocoelho/Desktop/dev_mobile/Physioclem Pediatria/Apps.Android/obj/Release/lp/69/jl/res/values-sv/values-sv.xml
resources;/Users/ricardocoelho/Desktop/dev_mobile/Physioclem Pediatria/Apps.Android/obj/Release/lp/69/jl/res/values-ta/values-ta.xml
resources;/Users/ricardocoelho/Desktop/dev_mobile/Physioclem Pediatria/Apps.Android/obj/Release/lp/69/jl/res/values-te/values-te.xml
resources;/Users/ricardocoelho/Desktop/dev_mobile/Physioclem Pediatria/Apps.Android/obj/Release/lp/69/jl/res/values-th/values-th.xml
resources;/Users/ricardocoelho/Desktop/dev_mobile/Physioclem Pediatria/Apps.Android/obj/Release/lp/69/jl/res/values-tl/values-tl.xml
resources;/Users/ricardocoelho/Desktop/dev_mobile/Physioclem Pediatria/Apps.Android/obj/Release/lp/69/jl/res/values-tr/values-tr.xml
resources;/Users/ricardocoelho/Desktop/dev_mobile/Physioclem Pediatria/Apps.Android/obj/Release/lp/69/jl/res/values-vi/values-vi.xml
resources;/Users/ricardocoelho/Desktop/dev_mobile/Physioclem Pediatria/Apps.Android/obj/Release/lp/69/jl/res/values-zh-rCN/values-zh-rCN.xml
resources;/Users/ricardocoelho/Desktop/dev_mobile/Physioclem Pediatria/Apps.Android/obj/Release/lp/69/jl/res/values-zh-rHK/values-zh-rHK.xml
resources;/Users/ricardocoelho/Desktop/dev_mobile/Physioclem Pediatria/Apps.Android/obj/Release/lp/69/jl/res/values-zh-rTW/values-zh-rTW.xml
resources;/Users/ricardocoelho/Desktop/dev_mobile/Physioclem Pediatria/Apps.Android/obj/Release/lp/71/jl/res/values/values.xml
resources;/Users/ricardocoelho/Desktop/dev_mobile/Physioclem Pediatria/Apps.Android/obj/Release/lp/71/jl/res/values-af/values-af.xml
resources;/Users/ricardocoelho/Desktop/dev_mobile/Physioclem Pediatria/Apps.Android/obj/Release/lp/71/jl/res/values-ar/values-ar.xml
resources;/Users/ricardocoelho/Desktop/dev_mobile/Physioclem Pediatria/Apps.Android/obj/Release/lp/71/jl/res/values-bn/values-bn.xml
resources;/Users/ricardocoelho/Desktop/dev_mobile/Physioclem Pediatria/Apps.Android/obj/Release/lp/71/jl/res/values-cs/values-cs.xml
resources;/Users/ricardocoelho/Desktop/dev_mobile/Physioclem Pediatria/Apps.Android/obj/Release/lp/71/jl/res/values-da/values-da.xml
resources;/Users/ricardocoelho/Desktop/dev_mobile/Physioclem Pediatria/Apps.Android/obj/Release/lp/71/jl/res/values-de/values-de.xml
resources;/Users/ricardocoelho/Desktop/dev_mobile/Physioclem Pediatria/Apps.Android/obj/Release/lp/71/jl/res/values-el/values-el.xml
resources;/Users/ricardocoelho/Desktop/dev_mobile/Physioclem Pediatria/Apps.Android/obj/Release/lp/71/jl/res/values-en-rGB/values-en-rGB.xml
resources;/Users/ricardocoelho/Desktop/dev_mobile/Physioclem Pediatria/Apps.Android/obj/Release/lp/71/jl/res/values-es/values-es.xml
resources;/Users/ricardocoelho/Desktop/dev_mobile/Physioclem Pediatria/Apps.Android/obj/Release/lp/71/jl/res/values-es-rES/values-es-rES.xml
resources;/Users/ricardocoelho/Desktop/dev_mobile/Physioclem Pediatria/Apps.Android/obj/Release/lp/71/jl/res/values-fi/values-fi.xml
resources;/Users/ricardocoelho/Desktop/dev_mobile/Physioclem Pediatria/Apps.Android/obj/Release/lp/71/jl/res/values-fr/values-fr.xml
resources;/Users/ricardocoelho/Desktop/dev_mobile/Physioclem Pediatria/Apps.Android/obj/Release/lp/71/jl/res/values-fr-rCA/values-fr-rCA.xml
resources;/Users/ricardocoelho/Desktop/dev_mobile/Physioclem Pediatria/Apps.Android/obj/Release/lp/71/jl/res/values-gu/values-gu.xml
resources;/Users/ricardocoelho/Desktop/dev_mobile/Physioclem Pediatria/Apps.Android/obj/Release/lp/71/jl/res/values-hi/values-hi.xml
resources;/Users/ricardocoelho/Desktop/dev_mobile/Physioclem Pediatria/Apps.Android/obj/Release/lp/71/jl/res/values-hr/values-hr.xml
resources;/Users/ricardocoelho/Desktop/dev_mobile/Physioclem Pediatria/Apps.Android/obj/Release/lp/71/jl/res/values-hu/values-hu.xml
resources;/Users/ricardocoelho/Desktop/dev_mobile/Physioclem Pediatria/Apps.Android/obj/Release/lp/71/jl/res/values-in/values-in.xml
resources;/Users/ricardocoelho/Desktop/dev_mobile/Physioclem Pediatria/Apps.Android/obj/Release/lp/71/jl/res/values-it/values-it.xml
resources;/Users/ricardocoelho/Desktop/dev_mobile/Physioclem Pediatria/Apps.Android/obj/Release/lp/71/jl/res/values-iw/values-iw.xml
resources;/Users/ricardocoelho/Desktop/dev_mobile/Physioclem Pediatria/Apps.Android/obj/Release/lp/71/jl/res/values-ja/values-ja.xml
resources;/Users/ricardocoelho/Desktop/dev_mobile/Physioclem Pediatria/Apps.Android/obj/Release/lp/71/jl/res/values-kn/values-kn.xml
resources;/Users/ricardocoelho/Desktop/dev_mobile/Physioclem Pediatria/Apps.Android/obj/Release/lp/71/jl/res/values-ko/values-ko.xml
resources;/Users/ricardocoelho/Desktop/dev_mobile/Physioclem Pediatria/Apps.Android/obj/Release/lp/71/jl/res/values-ml/values-ml.xml
resources;/Users/ricardocoelho/Desktop/dev_mobile/Physioclem Pediatria/Apps.Android/obj/Release/lp/71/jl/res/values-mr/values-mr.xml
resources;/Users/ricardocoelho/Desktop/dev_mobile/Physioclem Pediatria/Apps.Android/obj/Release/lp/71/jl/res/values-ms/values-ms.xml
resources;/Users/ricardocoelho/Desktop/dev_mobile/Physioclem Pediatria/Apps.Android/obj/Release/lp/71/jl/res/values-nb/values-nb.xml
resources;/Users/ricardocoelho/Desktop/dev_mobile/Physioclem Pediatria/Apps.Android/obj/Release/lp/71/jl/res/values-nl/values-nl.xml
resources;/Users/ricardocoelho/Desktop/dev_mobile/Physioclem Pediatria/Apps.Android/obj/Release/lp/71/jl/res/values-pa/values-pa.xml
resources;/Users/ricardocoelho/Desktop/dev_mobile/Physioclem Pediatria/Apps.Android/obj/Release/lp/71/jl/res/values-pl/values-pl.xml
resources;/Users/ricardocoelho/Desktop/dev_mobile/Physioclem Pediatria/Apps.Android/obj/Release/lp/71/jl/res/values-pt/values-pt.xml
resources;/Users/ricardocoelho/Desktop/dev_mobile/Physioclem Pediatria/Apps.Android/obj/Release/lp/71/jl/res/values-pt-rPT/values-pt-rPT.xml
resources;/Users/ricardocoelho/Desktop/dev_mobile/Physioclem Pediatria/Apps.Android/obj/Release/lp/71/jl/res/values-ro/values-ro.xml
resources;/Users/ricardocoelho/Desktop/dev_mobile/Physioclem Pediatria/Apps.Android/obj/Release/lp/71/jl/res/values-ru/values-ru.xml
resources;/Users/ricardocoelho/Desktop/dev_mobile/Physioclem Pediatria/Apps.Android/obj/Release/lp/71/jl/res/values-sk/values-sk.xml
resources;/Users/ricardocoelho/Desktop/dev_mobile/Physioclem Pediatria/Apps.Android/obj/Release/lp/71/jl/res/values-sv/values-sv.xml
resources;/Users/ricardocoelho/Desktop/dev_mobile/Physioclem Pediatria/Apps.Android/obj/Release/lp/71/jl/res/values-ta/values-ta.xml
resources;/Users/ricardocoelho/Desktop/dev_mobile/Physioclem Pediatria/Apps.Android/obj/Release/lp/71/jl/res/values-te/values-te.xml
resources;/Users/ricardocoelho/Desktop/dev_mobile/Physioclem Pediatria/Apps.Android/obj/Release/lp/71/jl/res/values-th/values-th.xml
resources;/Users/ricardocoelho/Desktop/dev_mobile/Physioclem Pediatria/Apps.Android/obj/Release/lp/71/jl/res/values-tl/values-tl.xml
resources;/Users/ricardocoelho/Desktop/dev_mobile/Physioclem Pediatria/Apps.Android/obj/Release/lp/71/jl/res/values-tr/values-tr.xml
resources;/Users/ricardocoelho/Desktop/dev_mobile/Physioclem Pediatria/Apps.Android/obj/Release/lp/71/jl/res/values-vi/values-vi.xml
resources;/Users/ricardocoelho/Desktop/dev_mobile/Physioclem Pediatria/Apps.Android/obj/Release/lp/71/jl/res/values-zh-rCN/values-zh-rCN.xml
resources;/Users/ricardocoelho/Desktop/dev_mobile/Physioclem Pediatria/Apps.Android/obj/Release/lp/71/jl/res/values-zh-rHK/values-zh-rHK.xml
resources;/Users/ricardocoelho/Desktop/dev_mobile/Physioclem Pediatria/Apps.Android/obj/Release/lp/71/jl/res/values-zh-rTW/values-zh-rTW.xml
resources;/Users/ricardocoelho/Desktop/dev_mobile/Physioclem Pediatria/Apps.Android/obj/Release/lp/72/jl/res/values/values.xml
resources;/Users/ricardocoelho/Desktop/dev_mobile/Physioclem Pediatria/Apps.Android/obj/Release/lp/74/jl/res/values/values.xml
resources;/Users/ricardocoelho/Desktop/dev_mobile/Physioclem Pediatria/Apps.Android/obj/Release/lp/75/jl/res/values/attrs.xml
resources;/Users/ricardocoelho/Desktop/dev_mobile/Physioclem Pediatria/Apps.Android/obj/Release/lp/75/jl/res/values/strings.xml
resources;/Users/ricardocoelho/Desktop/dev_mobile/Physioclem Pediatria/Apps.Android/obj/Release/lp/75/jl/res/values/styles.xml
resources;obj/Release/res/values/colors.xml
resources;obj/Release/res/values/dimens.xml
resources;obj/Release/res/values/strings.xml
resources;obj/Release/res/values/styles.xml
selector;/Users/ricardocoelho/Desktop/dev_mobile/Physioclem Pediatria/Apps.Android/obj/Release/lp/69/jl/res/drawable/com_facebook_auth_dialog_cancel_background.xml
selector;/Users/ricardocoelho/Desktop/dev_mobile/Physioclem Pediatria/Apps.Android/obj/Release/lp/69/jl/res/drawable/com_facebook_button_background.xml
selector;/Users/ricardocoelho/Desktop/dev_mobile/Physioclem Pediatria/Apps.Android/obj/Release/lp/69/jl/res/drawable/com_facebook_button_like_background.xml
selector;/Users/ricardocoelho/Desktop/dev_mobile/Physioclem Pediatria/Apps.Android/obj/Release/lp/72/jl/res/drawable/messenger_button_blue_bg_round.xml
selector;/Users/ricardocoelho/Desktop/dev_mobile/Physioclem Pediatria/Apps.Android/obj/Release/lp/72/jl/res/drawable/messenger_button_blue_bg_selector.xml
selector;/Users/ricardocoelho/Desktop/dev_mobile/Physioclem Pediatria/Apps.Android/obj/Release/lp/72/jl/res/drawable/messenger_button_white_bg_round.xml
selector;/Users/ricardocoelho/Desktop/dev_mobile/Physioclem Pediatria/Apps.Android/obj/Release/lp/72/jl/res/drawable/messenger_button_white_bg_selector.xml
selector;/Users/ricardocoelho/Desktop/dev_mobile/Physioclem Pediatria/Apps.Android/obj/Release/lp/74/jl/res/drawable/com_facebook_button_send_background.xml
selector;/Users/ricardocoelho/Desktop/dev_mobile/Physioclem Pediatria/Apps.Android/obj/Release/lp/74/jl/res/drawable/com_facebook_send_button_icon.xml
set;/Users/ricardocoelho/Desktop/dev_mobile/Physioclem Pediatria/Apps.Android/obj/Release/lp/75/jl/res/anim/enterfromleft.xml
set;/Users/ricardocoelho/Desktop/dev_mobile/Physioclem Pediatria/Apps.Android/obj/Release/lp/75/jl/res/anim/enterfromright.xml
set;/Users/ricardocoelho/Desktop/dev_mobile/Physioclem Pediatria/Apps.Android/obj/Release/lp/75/jl/res/anim/exittoleft.xml
set;/Users/ricardocoelho/Desktop/dev_mobile/Physioclem Pediatria/Apps.Android/obj/Release/lp/75/jl/res/anim/exittoright.xml
shape;/Users/ricardocoelho/Desktop/dev_mobile/Physioclem Pediatria/Apps.Android/obj/Release/lp/1/jl/res/drawable/roundedbg.xml
shape;/Users/ricardocoelho/Desktop/dev_mobile/Physioclem Pediatria/Apps.Android/obj/Release/lp/1/jl/res/drawable/roundedbgdark.xml
shape;/Users/ricardocoelho/Desktop/dev_mobile/Physioclem Pediatria/Apps.Android/obj/Release/lp/69/jl/res/drawable/com_facebook_auth_dialog_background.xml
shape;/Users/ricardocoelho/Desktop/dev_mobile/Physioclem Pediatria/Apps.Android/obj/Release/lp/69/jl/res/drawable/com_facebook_auth_dialog_cancel_background.xml
shape;/Users/ricardocoelho/Desktop/dev_mobile/Physioclem Pediatria/Apps.Android/obj/Release/lp/69/jl/res/drawable/com_facebook_auth_dialog_header_background.xml
shape;/Users/ricardocoelho/Desktop/dev_mobile/Physioclem Pediatria/Apps.Android/obj/Release/lp/69/jl/res/drawable/com_facebook_button_background.xml
shape;/Users/ricardocoelho/Desktop/dev_mobile/Physioclem Pediatria/Apps.Android/obj/Release/lp/69/jl/res/drawable/com_facebook_button_like_background.xml
shape;/Users/ricardocoelho/Desktop/dev_mobile/Physioclem Pediatria/Apps.Android/obj/Release/lp/72/jl/res/drawable/messenger_button_blue_bg_round.xml
shape;/Users/ricardocoelho/Desktop/dev_mobile/Physioclem Pediatria/Apps.Android/obj/Release/lp/72/jl/res/drawable/messenger_button_blue_bg_selector.xml
shape;/Users/ricardocoelho/Desktop/dev_mobile/Physioclem Pediatria/Apps.Android/obj/Release/lp/72/jl/res/drawable/messenger_button_white_bg_round.xml
shape;/Users/ricardocoelho/Desktop/dev_mobile/Physioclem Pediatria/Apps.Android/obj/Release/lp/72/jl/res/drawable/messenger_button_white_bg_selector.xml
shape;/Users/ricardocoelho/Desktop/dev_mobile/Physioclem Pediatria/Apps.Android/obj/Release/lp/74/jl/res/drawable/com_facebook_button_send_background.xml
solid;/Users/ricardocoelho/Desktop/dev_mobile/Physioclem Pediatria/Apps.Android/obj/Release/lp/69/jl/res/drawable/com_facebook_auth_dialog_background.xml
solid;/Users/ricardocoelho/Desktop/dev_mobile/Physioclem Pediatria/Apps.Android/obj/Release/lp/69/jl/res/drawable/com_facebook_auth_dialog_cancel_background.xml
solid;/Users/ricardocoelho/Desktop/dev_mobile/Physioclem Pediatria/Apps.Android/obj/Release/lp/69/jl/res/drawable/com_facebook_auth_dialog_header_background.xml
solid;/Users/ricardocoelho/Desktop/dev_mobile/Physioclem Pediatria/Apps.Android/obj/Release/lp/69/jl/res/drawable/com_facebook_button_background.xml
solid;/Users/ricardocoelho/Desktop/dev_mobile/Physioclem Pediatria/Apps.Android/obj/Release/lp/69/jl/res/drawable/com_facebook_button_like_background.xml
solid;/Users/ricardocoelho/Desktop/dev_mobile/Physioclem Pediatria/Apps.Android/obj/Release/lp/72/jl/res/drawable/messenger_button_blue_bg_round.xml
solid;/Users/ricardocoelho/Desktop/dev_mobile/Physioclem Pediatria/Apps.Android/obj/Release/lp/72/jl/res/drawable/messenger_button_blue_bg_selector.xml
solid;/Users/ricardocoelho/Desktop/dev_mobile/Physioclem Pediatria/Apps.Android/obj/Release/lp/72/jl/res/drawable/messenger_button_white_bg_round.xml
solid;/Users/ricardocoelho/Desktop/dev_mobile/Physioclem Pediatria/Apps.Android/obj/Release/lp/72/jl/res/drawable/messenger_button_white_bg_selector.xml
solid;/Users/ricardocoelho/Desktop/dev_mobile/Physioclem Pediatria/Apps.Android/obj/Release/lp/74/jl/res/drawable/com_facebook_button_send_background.xml
string;/Users/ricardocoelho/Desktop/dev_mobile/Physioclem Pediatria/Apps.Android/obj/Release/lp/1/jl/res/values/strings.xml
string;/Users/ricardocoelho/Desktop/dev_mobile/Physioclem Pediatria/Apps.Android/obj/Release/lp/69/jl/res/values/values.xml
string;/Users/ricardocoelho/Desktop/dev_mobile/Physioclem Pediatria/Apps.Android/obj/Release/lp/69/jl/res/values-af/values-af.xml
string;/Users/ricardocoelho/Desktop/dev_mobile/Physioclem Pediatria/Apps.Android/obj/Release/lp/69/jl/res/values-ar/values-ar.xml
string;/Users/ricardocoelho/Desktop/dev_mobile/Physioclem Pediatria/Apps.Android/obj/Release/lp/69/jl/res/values-bn/values-bn.xml
string;/Users/ricardocoelho/Desktop/dev_mobile/Physioclem Pediatria/Apps.Android/obj/Release/lp/69/jl/res/values-cs/values-cs.xml
string;/Users/ricardocoelho/Desktop/dev_mobile/Physioclem Pediatria/Apps.Android/obj/Release/lp/69/jl/res/values-da/values-da.xml
string;/Users/ricardocoelho/Desktop/dev_mobile/Physioclem Pediatria/Apps.Android/obj/Release/lp/69/jl/res/values-de/values-de.xml
string;/Users/ricardocoelho/Desktop/dev_mobile/Physioclem Pediatria/Apps.Android/obj/Release/lp/69/jl/res/values-el/values-el.xml
string;/Users/ricardocoelho/Desktop/dev_mobile/Physioclem Pediatria/Apps.Android/obj/Release/lp/69/jl/res/values-en-rGB/values-en-rGB.xml
string;/Users/ricardocoelho/Desktop/dev_mobile/Physioclem Pediatria/Apps.Android/obj/Release/lp/69/jl/res/values-es/values-es.xml
string;/Users/ricardocoelho/Desktop/dev_mobile/Physioclem Pediatria/Apps.Android/obj/Release/lp/69/jl/res/values-es-rES/values-es-rES.xml
string;/Users/ricardocoelho/Desktop/dev_mobile/Physioclem Pediatria/Apps.Android/obj/Release/lp/69/jl/res/values-fi/values-fi.xml
string;/Users/ricardocoelho/Desktop/dev_mobile/Physioclem Pediatria/Apps.Android/obj/Release/lp/69/jl/res/values-fr/values-fr.xml
string;/Users/ricardocoelho/Desktop/dev_mobile/Physioclem Pediatria/Apps.Android/obj/Release/lp/69/jl/res/values-fr-rCA/values-fr-rCA.xml
string;/Users/ricardocoelho/Desktop/dev_mobile/Physioclem Pediatria/Apps.Android/obj/Release/lp/69/jl/res/values-gu/values-gu.xml
string;/Users/ricardocoelho/Desktop/dev_mobile/Physioclem Pediatria/Apps.Android/obj/Release/lp/69/jl/res/values-hi/values-hi.xml
string;/Users/ricardocoelho/Desktop/dev_mobile/Physioclem Pediatria/Apps.Android/obj/Release/lp/69/jl/res/values-hr/values-hr.xml
string;/Users/ricardocoelho/Desktop/dev_mobile/Physioclem Pediatria/Apps.Android/obj/Release/lp/69/jl/res/values-hu/values-hu.xml
string;/Users/ricardocoelho/Desktop/dev_mobile/Physioclem Pediatria/Apps.Android/obj/Release/lp/69/jl/res/values-id/values-id.xml
string;/Users/ricardocoelho/Desktop/dev_mobile/Physioclem Pediatria/Apps.Android/obj/Release/lp/69/jl/res/values-in/values-in.xml
string;/Users/ricardocoelho/Desktop/dev_mobile/Physioclem Pediatria/Apps.Android/obj/Release/lp/69/jl/res/values-it/values-it.xml
string;/Users/ricardocoelho/Desktop/dev_mobile/Physioclem Pediatria/Apps.Android/obj/Release/lp/69/jl/res/values-iw/values-iw.xml
string;/Users/ricardocoelho/Desktop/dev_mobile/Physioclem Pediatria/Apps.Android/obj/Release/lp/69/jl/res/values-ja/values-ja.xml
string;/Users/ricardocoelho/Desktop/dev_mobile/Physioclem Pediatria/Apps.Android/obj/Release/lp/69/jl/res/values-kn/values-kn.xml
string;/Users/ricardocoelho/Desktop/dev_mobile/Physioclem Pediatria/Apps.Android/obj/Release/lp/69/jl/res/values-ko/values-ko.xml
string;/Users/ricardocoelho/Desktop/dev_mobile/Physioclem Pediatria/Apps.Android/obj/Release/lp/69/jl/res/values-ml/values-ml.xml
string;/Users/ricardocoelho/Desktop/dev_mobile/Physioclem Pediatria/Apps.Android/obj/Release/lp/69/jl/res/values-mr/values-mr.xml
string;/Users/ricardocoelho/Desktop/dev_mobile/Physioclem Pediatria/Apps.Android/obj/Release/lp/69/jl/res/values-ms/values-ms.xml
string;/Users/ricardocoelho/Desktop/dev_mobile/Physioclem Pediatria/Apps.Android/obj/Release/lp/69/jl/res/values-nb/values-nb.xml
string;/Users/ricardocoelho/Desktop/dev_mobile/Physioclem Pediatria/Apps.Android/obj/Release/lp/69/jl/res/values-nl/values-nl.xml
string;/Users/ricardocoelho/Desktop/dev_mobile/Physioclem Pediatria/Apps.Android/obj/Release/lp/69/jl/res/values-pa/values-pa.xml
string;/Users/ricardocoelho/Desktop/dev_mobile/Physioclem Pediatria/Apps.Android/obj/Release/lp/69/jl/res/values-pl/values-pl.xml
string;/Users/ricardocoelho/Desktop/dev_mobile/Physioclem Pediatria/Apps.Android/obj/Release/lp/69/jl/res/values-pt/values-pt.xml
string;/Users/ricardocoelho/Desktop/dev_mobile/Physioclem Pediatria/Apps.Android/obj/Release/lp/69/jl/res/values-pt-rPT/values-pt-rPT.xml
string;/Users/ricardocoelho/Desktop/dev_mobile/Physioclem Pediatria/Apps.Android/obj/Release/lp/69/jl/res/values-ro/values-ro.xml
string;/Users/ricardocoelho/Desktop/dev_mobile/Physioclem Pediatria/Apps.Android/obj/Release/lp/69/jl/res/values-ru/values-ru.xml
string;/Users/ricardocoelho/Desktop/dev_mobile/Physioclem Pediatria/Apps.Android/obj/Release/lp/69/jl/res/values-sk/values-sk.xml
string;/Users/ricardocoelho/Desktop/dev_mobile/Physioclem Pediatria/Apps.Android/obj/Release/lp/69/jl/res/values-sv/values-sv.xml
string;/Users/ricardocoelho/Desktop/dev_mobile/Physioclem Pediatria/Apps.Android/obj/Release/lp/69/jl/res/values-ta/values-ta.xml
string;/Users/ricardocoelho/Desktop/dev_mobile/Physioclem Pediatria/Apps.Android/obj/Release/lp/69/jl/res/values-te/values-te.xml
string;/Users/ricardocoelho/Desktop/dev_mobile/Physioclem Pediatria/Apps.Android/obj/Release/lp/69/jl/res/values-th/values-th.xml
string;/Users/ricardocoelho/Desktop/dev_mobile/Physioclem Pediatria/Apps.Android/obj/Release/lp/69/jl/res/values-tl/values-tl.xml
string;/Users/ricardocoelho/Desktop/dev_mobile/Physioclem Pediatria/Apps.Android/obj/Release/lp/69/jl/res/values-tr/values-tr.xml
string;/Users/ricardocoelho/Desktop/dev_mobile/Physioclem Pediatria/Apps.Android/obj/Release/lp/69/jl/res/values-vi/values-vi.xml
string;/Users/ricardocoelho/Desktop/dev_mobile/Physioclem Pediatria/Apps.Android/obj/Release/lp/69/jl/res/values-zh-rCN/values-zh-rCN.xml
string;/Users/ricardocoelho/Desktop/dev_mobile/Physioclem Pediatria/Apps.Android/obj/Release/lp/69/jl/res/values-zh-rHK/values-zh-rHK.xml
string;/Users/ricardocoelho/Desktop/dev_mobile/Physioclem Pediatria/Apps.Android/obj/Release/lp/69/jl/res/values-zh-rTW/values-zh-rTW.xml
string;/Users/ricardocoelho/Desktop/dev_mobile/Physioclem Pediatria/Apps.Android/obj/Release/lp/71/jl/res/values/values.xml
string;/Users/ricardocoelho/Desktop/dev_mobile/Physioclem Pediatria/Apps.Android/obj/Release/lp/71/jl/res/values-af/values-af.xml
string;/Users/ricardocoelho/Desktop/dev_mobile/Physioclem Pediatria/Apps.Android/obj/Release/lp/71/jl/res/values-ar/values-ar.xml
string;/Users/ricardocoelho/Desktop/dev_mobile/Physioclem Pediatria/Apps.Android/obj/Release/lp/71/jl/res/values-bn/values-bn.xml
string;/Users/ricardocoelho/Desktop/dev_mobile/Physioclem Pediatria/Apps.Android/obj/Release/lp/71/jl/res/values-cs/values-cs.xml
string;/Users/ricardocoelho/Desktop/dev_mobile/Physioclem Pediatria/Apps.Android/obj/Release/lp/71/jl/res/values-da/values-da.xml
string;/Users/ricardocoelho/Desktop/dev_mobile/Physioclem Pediatria/Apps.Android/obj/Release/lp/71/jl/res/values-de/values-de.xml
string;/Users/ricardocoelho/Desktop/dev_mobile/Physioclem Pediatria/Apps.Android/obj/Release/lp/71/jl/res/values-el/values-el.xml
string;/Users/ricardocoelho/Desktop/dev_mobile/Physioclem Pediatria/Apps.Android/obj/Release/lp/71/jl/res/values-en-rGB/values-en-rGB.xml
string;/Users/ricardocoelho/Desktop/dev_mobile/Physioclem Pediatria/Apps.Android/obj/Release/lp/71/jl/res/values-es/values-es.xml
string;/Users/ricardocoelho/Desktop/dev_mobile/Physioclem Pediatria/Apps.Android/obj/Release/lp/71/jl/res/values-es-rES/values-es-rES.xml
string;/Users/ricardocoelho/Desktop/dev_mobile/Physioclem Pediatria/Apps.Android/obj/Release/lp/71/jl/res/values-fi/values-fi.xml
string;/Users/ricardocoelho/Desktop/dev_mobile/Physioclem Pediatria/Apps.Android/obj/Release/lp/71/jl/res/values-fr/values-fr.xml
string;/Users/ricardocoelho/Desktop/dev_mobile/Physioclem Pediatria/Apps.Android/obj/Release/lp/71/jl/res/values-fr-rCA/values-fr-rCA.xml
string;/Users/ricardocoelho/Desktop/dev_mobile/Physioclem Pediatria/Apps.Android/obj/Release/lp/71/jl/res/values-gu/values-gu.xml
string;/Users/ricardocoelho/Desktop/dev_mobile/Physioclem Pediatria/Apps.Android/obj/Release/lp/71/jl/res/values-hi/values-hi.xml
string;/Users/ricardocoelho/Desktop/dev_mobile/Physioclem Pediatria/Apps.Android/obj/Release/lp/71/jl/res/values-hr/values-hr.xml
string;/Users/ricardocoelho/Desktop/dev_mobile/Physioclem Pediatria/Apps.Android/obj/Release/lp/71/jl/res/values-hu/values-hu.xml
string;/Users/ricardocoelho/Desktop/dev_mobile/Physioclem Pediatria/Apps.Android/obj/Release/lp/71/jl/res/values-in/values-in.xml
string;/Users/ricardocoelho/Desktop/dev_mobile/Physioclem Pediatria/Apps.Android/obj/Release/lp/71/jl/res/values-it/values-it.xml
string;/Users/ricardocoelho/Desktop/dev_mobile/Physioclem Pediatria/Apps.Android/obj/Release/lp/71/jl/res/values-iw/values-iw.xml
string;/Users/ricardocoelho/Desktop/dev_mobile/Physioclem Pediatria/Apps.Android/obj/Release/lp/71/jl/res/values-ja/values-ja.xml
string;/Users/ricardocoelho/Desktop/dev_mobile/Physioclem Pediatria/Apps.Android/obj/Release/lp/71/jl/res/values-kn/values-kn.xml
string;/Users/ricardocoelho/Desktop/dev_mobile/Physioclem Pediatria/Apps.Android/obj/Release/lp/71/jl/res/values-ko/values-ko.xml
string;/Users/ricardocoelho/Desktop/dev_mobile/Physioclem Pediatria/Apps.Android/obj/Release/lp/71/jl/res/values-ml/values-ml.xml
string;/Users/ricardocoelho/Desktop/dev_mobile/Physioclem Pediatria/Apps.Android/obj/Release/lp/71/jl/res/values-mr/values-mr.xml
string;/Users/ricardocoelho/Desktop/dev_mobile/Physioclem Pediatria/Apps.Android/obj/Release/lp/71/jl/res/values-ms/values-ms.xml
string;/Users/ricardocoelho/Desktop/dev_mobile/Physioclem Pediatria/Apps.Android/obj/Release/lp/71/jl/res/values-nb/values-nb.xml
string;/Users/ricardocoelho/Desktop/dev_mobile/Physioclem Pediatria/Apps.Android/obj/Release/lp/71/jl/res/values-nl/values-nl.xml
string;/Users/ricardocoelho/Desktop/dev_mobile/Physioclem Pediatria/Apps.Android/obj/Release/lp/71/jl/res/values-pa/values-pa.xml
string;/Users/ricardocoelho/Desktop/dev_mobile/Physioclem Pediatria/Apps.Android/obj/Release/lp/71/jl/res/values-pl/values-pl.xml
string;/Users/ricardocoelho/Desktop/dev_mobile/Physioclem Pediatria/Apps.Android/obj/Release/lp/71/jl/res/values-pt/values-pt.xml
string;/Users/ricardocoelho/Desktop/dev_mobile/Physioclem Pediatria/Apps.Android/obj/Release/lp/71/jl/res/values-pt-rPT/values-pt-rPT.xml
string;/Users/ricardocoelho/Desktop/dev_mobile/Physioclem Pediatria/Apps.Android/obj/Release/lp/71/jl/res/values-ro/values-ro.xml
string;/Users/ricardocoelho/Desktop/dev_mobile/Physioclem Pediatria/Apps.Android/obj/Release/lp/71/jl/res/values-ru/values-ru.xml
string;/Users/ricardocoelho/Desktop/dev_mobile/Physioclem Pediatria/Apps.Android/obj/Release/lp/71/jl/res/values-sk/values-sk.xml
string;/Users/ricardocoelho/Desktop/dev_mobile/Physioclem Pediatria/Apps.Android/obj/Release/lp/71/jl/res/values-sv/values-sv.xml
string;/Users/ricardocoelho/Desktop/dev_mobile/Physioclem Pediatria/Apps.Android/obj/Release/lp/71/jl/res/values-ta/values-ta.xml
string;/Users/ricardocoelho/Desktop/dev_mobile/Physioclem Pediatria/Apps.Android/obj/Release/lp/71/jl/res/values-te/values-te.xml
string;/Users/ricardocoelho/Desktop/dev_mobile/Physioclem Pediatria/Apps.Android/obj/Release/lp/71/jl/res/values-th/values-th.xml
string;/Users/ricardocoelho/Desktop/dev_mobile/Physioclem Pediatria/Apps.Android/obj/Release/lp/71/jl/res/values-tl/values-tl.xml
string;/Users/ricardocoelho/Desktop/dev_mobile/Physioclem Pediatria/Apps.Android/obj/Release/lp/71/jl/res/values-tr/values-tr.xml
string;/Users/ricardocoelho/Desktop/dev_mobile/Physioclem Pediatria/Apps.Android/obj/Release/lp/71/jl/res/values-vi/values-vi.xml
string;/Users/ricardocoelho/Desktop/dev_mobile/Physioclem Pediatria/Apps.Android/obj/Release/lp/71/jl/res/values-zh-rCN/values-zh-rCN.xml
string;/Users/ricardocoelho/Desktop/dev_mobile/Physioclem Pediatria/Apps.Android/obj/Release/lp/71/jl/res/values-zh-rHK/values-zh-rHK.xml
string;/Users/ricardocoelho/Desktop/dev_mobile/Physioclem Pediatria/Apps.Android/obj/Release/lp/71/jl/res/values-zh-rTW/values-zh-rTW.xml
string;/Users/ricardocoelho/Desktop/dev_mobile/Physioclem Pediatria/Apps.Android/obj/Release/lp/72/jl/res/values/values.xml
string;/Users/ricardocoelho/Desktop/dev_mobile/Physioclem Pediatria/Apps.Android/obj/Release/lp/75/jl/res/values/strings.xml
string;obj/Release/res/values/strings.xml
style;/Users/ricardocoelho/Desktop/dev_mobile/Physioclem Pediatria/Apps.Android/obj/Release/lp/69/jl/res/values/values.xml
style;/Users/ricardocoelho/Desktop/dev_mobile/Physioclem Pediatria/Apps.Android/obj/Release/lp/71/jl/res/values/values.xml
style;/Users/ricardocoelho/Desktop/dev_mobile/Physioclem Pediatria/Apps.Android/obj/Release/lp/72/jl/res/values/values.xml
style;/Users/ricardocoelho/Desktop/dev_mobile/Physioclem Pediatria/Apps.Android/obj/Release/lp/74/jl/res/values/values.xml
style;/Users/ricardocoelho/Desktop/dev_mobile/Physioclem Pediatria/Apps.Android/obj/Release/lp/75/jl/res/values/styles.xml
style;obj/Release/res/values/styles.xml
TextView;/Users/ricardocoelho/Desktop/dev_mobile/Physioclem Pediatria/Apps.Android/obj/Release/lp/1/jl/res/layout/loading.xml
TextView;/Users/ricardocoelho/Desktop/dev_mobile/Physioclem Pediatria/Apps.Android/obj/Release/lp/1/jl/res/layout/loadingimage.xml
TextView;/Users/ricardocoelho/Desktop/dev_mobile/Physioclem Pediatria/Apps.Android/obj/Release/lp/1/jl/res/layout/loadingprogress.xml
TextView;/Users/ricardocoelho/Desktop/dev_mobile/Physioclem Pediatria/Apps.Android/obj/Release/lp/69/jl/res/layout/com_facebook_device_auth_dialog_fragment.xml
TextView;/Users/ricardocoelho/Desktop/dev_mobile/Physioclem Pediatria/Apps.Android/obj/Release/lp/69/jl/res/layout/com_facebook_smart_device_dialog_fragment.xml
TextView;/Users/ricardocoelho/Desktop/dev_mobile/Physioclem Pediatria/Apps.Android/obj/Release/lp/71/jl/res/layout/com_facebook_tooltip_bubble.xml
TextView;/Users/ricardocoelho/Desktop/dev_mobile/Physioclem Pediatria/Apps.Android/obj/Release/lp/72/jl/res/layout/messenger_button_send_blue_large.xml
TextView;/Users/ricardocoelho/Desktop/dev_mobile/Physioclem Pediatria/Apps.Android/obj/Release/lp/72/jl/res/layout/messenger_button_send_blue_small.xml
TextView;/Users/ricardocoelho/Desktop/dev_mobile/Physioclem Pediatria/Apps.Android/obj/Release/lp/72/jl/res/layout/messenger_button_send_white_large.xml
TextView;/Users/ricardocoelho/Desktop/dev_mobile/Physioclem Pediatria/Apps.Android/obj/Release/lp/72/jl/res/layout/messenger_button_send_white_small.xml
TextView;obj/Release/res/layout/mapinfowindow.xml
translate;/Users/ricardocoelho/Desktop/dev_mobile/Physioclem Pediatria/Apps.Android/obj/Release/lp/75/jl/res/anim/enterfromleft.xml
translate;/Users/ricardocoelho/Desktop/dev_mobile/Physioclem Pediatria/Apps.Android/obj/Release/lp/75/jl/res/anim/enterfromright.xml
translate;/Users/ricardocoelho/Desktop/dev_mobile/Physioclem Pediatria/Apps.Android/obj/Release/lp/75/jl/res/anim/exittoleft.xml
translate;/Users/ricardocoelho/Desktop/dev_mobile/Physioclem Pediatria/Apps.Android/obj/Release/lp/75/jl/res/anim/exittoright.xml
vector;/Users/ricardocoelho/Desktop/dev_mobile/Physioclem Pediatria/Apps.Android/obj/Release/lp/69/jl/res/drawable/com_facebook_button_icon.xml
vector;/Users/ricardocoelho/Desktop/dev_mobile/Physioclem Pediatria/Apps.Android/obj/Release/lp/69/jl/res/drawable/com_facebook_favicon_blue.xml
xamarin.communitytoolkit.ui.views.AutoFitTextureView;/Users/ricardocoelho/Desktop/dev_mobile/Physioclem Pediatria/Apps.Android/obj/Release/lp/65/jl/res/layout/camerafragment.xml
xamarin.forms.platform.android.appcompat.FormsViewPager;/Users/ricardocoelho/Desktop/dev_mobile/Physioclem Pediatria/Apps.Android/obj/Release/lp/75/jl/res/layout/rootlayout.xml
xamarin.forms.platform.android.ShellFlyoutLayout;/Users/ricardocoelho/Desktop/dev_mobile/Physioclem Pediatria/Apps.Android/obj/Release/lp/75/jl/res/layout/flyoutcontent.xml
